have to give my final HCG protocol
number to update it is Friday march
sixth and this week I've been able to
add back in some calories and just
working on the three weeks of no sugars
no starches for now but it feels
fabulous when I started the first
protocol in November end of november i
was 200 point 2 pounds and at the end of
this protocol number two I have reached
my goal and I am 164 pounds even so when
I started out I was thirty-six percent
body fat and I have been able to lose
36.2 pounds and I am now at twenty-two
percent body fat so I lost fourteen
percent of my body fat I total body fat
and I feel fabulous to be honest I I was
really skeptical in the beginning and I
didn't think that I could be where I'm
at now I really thought that maybe I was
just supposed to be overweight and that
I couldn't do anything about it even
though I had been exercising and didn't
see a ton results but what it came down
to was my food intake in my nutrition
and I have been able to relearn all of
that I don't have the cravings anymore
and I know I've said this in the past
videos but it ceases to amaze me it's
just it's a new way of living and I have
been able to work on that and figure out
what works best with me and my body and
in conjunction with the protocol I've
been able to do really amazing things
and I can't even tell you how good it
feels to be where I'm at and to know
that I'm healthy and I feel like I have
the tools to just continue on I don't
have the cravings I don't need to have
pizza I don't need to have you no more
food than then what
necessary to just fuel myself and I just
I feel fabulous and I would i would have
I wouldn't change anything I would do it
again if I had to I'm not going to
because I don't need to but if I had to
I absolutely would in conjunction with
the the lifestyle diet and the
accountability coaching it's just
fabulous I've just really been able to
figure out what works best for me so
hopefully I won't have to make another
video and good luck to everybody out
there that's thinking about doing it and
that's it for me thanks